Aggressive,Dragonstrike,10,1,Grimm,None,Bash: End the Duel if this attacks Damages the Active Player. Attrition Damage is doubled then distributed evenly between all players with the Active Player receiving the largest amount.,1
Aggressive,Shadowfall,10,0,Magic,None,The Speed of this attack is equal to the total number of cards in all players' hands. This attack does not benefit from Speed or Damage bonuses.,1
Aggressive,To The Slaughter,9,1,Grimm,None,! Minions in play gain a +1 Speed and +1 Damage token. Each hero loses Aura equal to the number of Minions in play if this attack deals damage.,1
Aggressive,The Ones You Love,8,2,Emotion,None,Salem damages the player with the lowest remaining Aura clockwise instead. End the Duel and deal attrition damage to the player instead.,2
Aggressive,Eternal Howl,7,0,Emotion,None,Each player discards a card if this attack hits. At the beginning of the next round each player draws a card and must use the drawn card as their action.,2
Aggressive,Confrontation,7,1,Melee,None,! Salem gains a +1 Speed and +1 Damage Bonus at the end of the Round for each Hero that dealt Damage to Salem this round.,3
Aggressive,Feast of Darkness,6,1,Magic,None,This attack gains +2 Speed and +1 Damage for each player Assisting or Comboin with the Active Player.,2
Aggressive,Nightmate Manifestation,5,2,Emotion,None,This attack gains +3 Speed if the Active Player's Ultimate is not ready. Replace the Active Player's attack card with their Ultimate if it is ready.,2
Aggressive,Destructive Wave,10,0,Magic,None,Counter: It deals Damage equal to the Speed difference between Salem and the hit Hero.,3
Balanced,Life and Death,7,0,Magic,None,Each player's Aura is halved rounded up if this attack hits.,1
Balanced,Seed of Doubt,3,0,Magic,None,! The Active Player must choose: The Active Player gains -1 Speed for the rest of the battle OR all other players lose the highest speed card in their hand until the end of the Battle.,1
Balanced,Moonshatter,8,1,Emotion,None,The Duel ends if this attack hits. Salem gains +1 Speed and +1 Damage Bonus at the begining of the next Duel.,1
Balanced,Unending Pursuit,6,2,Emotion,None,! Players cannot rest until the end of this Duel. Immediately draw and replace it with the next non-event card in Salem's deck if this attack would miss.,2
Balanced,Stranglehold,7,1,Grimm,None,Each Assisting or Comboing player takes 2 damage if this attack fails.,2
Balanced,Loyal Beast,5,1,Grimm,None,! Draw and play a minion placing it next to Salem's deck. The minion receives the Damage instead if Salem would receive Damage. No Fury is gained from the damage dealt.,2
Balanced,Assuredness,6,3,Melee,None,! Salem gains +2 Speed Bonus at the end of the Round.,3
Subtle,Overwhelming Odds,7,1,Grimm,None,The Active Player's Fury Track is reset if this attack Damages the Active Player.,1
Subtle,From Shadows,2,0,Grimm,None,! Draw and play Minions equal to the number of players currently in play.,1
Subtle,Terrifying Presence,6,1,Emotion,None,! Sideline Players cannot Assist or Combo with the Active Player.,1
Subtle,Dark Divide,6,2,Magic,None,! All Sideline Players not Assisting or Comboing discard their lowest speed card. Player's choice on a tie.,2
Subtle,Best Laid Plans,4,1,Magic,None,! All players' Next Round effects do not activate next round. Salem gains a +1 Speed Bonus at the end of the Round.,2
Subtle,Blackout,5,2,Magic,None,! Semblances cannot be used until the end of this Duel.,2
Subtle,Mirror Mirror,3,1,Magic,None,! This round Salem heals equal to Damage received rather than receiving it. The Active Player gains fury as normal if they hit.,3
Event,Final Approach,0,0,Event,None,Salem begins each Duel on the second space of her Fury track and her Balanced attacks gain +1 Speed permanently.,1
Event,Witch's Raiment,0,0,Event,None,Salem gains +1 Speed and +1 Damage permanently. Increase this to +2 Speed and +2 Damage permanently if the final event card has been drawn.,1
Event,The Girl Who Wanted Power,0,0,Event,None,At the beginning of each Duel draw and put a card from Cinder's deck without Events into play unrevealed. If a Sideline Player does not engage this card by the end of the Round reveal the card and deal its Damage and effects to the Active Player then discard it.,1
Event,Immortal Curse,0,0,Event,None,Salem gains +1 Speed to her Subtle attacks permanently and the Damage they cause heals Salem equal to the Damage dealt.,1
Event,Hopelessness,0,0,Event,None,Upcoming Sideline Players draw/discard to five instead of six at the end of each Duel.,1